Add documentation for Openstack in the OIDC section (#1315)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/advanced/configure-dex-in-your-cluster/index.md

user_questions:
  - How can I configure OIDC in my cluster?
  - How can I add a new OIDC connector?

> last_review_date: 2022-02-15

Author: ```suggestion
last_review_date: 2022-02-24
```

> last_review_date: 2022-02-24

Author: ```suggestion
last_review_date: 2022-03-01
```

> last_review_date: 2022-03-01

Author: ```suggestion
last_review_date: 2022-03-04
```

      issuerURL: https://dex.<CLUSTER>.<BASEDOMAIN>
```

{{< /tab >}}

> {{< tab title="Openstack">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< tab title="OpenStack">}}
```

```yaml
apiVersion: controlplane.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: KubeadmControlPlaneTemplate
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      kubeadmConfigSpec:
        clusterConfiguration:
          apiServer:
            extraArgs:
              oidc-issuer-url: https://dex.<CLUSTER>.<BASEDOMAIN>
              oidc-client-id: dex-k8s-authenticator
              oidc-username-claim: email
              oidc-groups-claim: groups

> ```

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we document this instead? https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster-openstack/blob/5a94e4ad6668cd9532882a3023c14dda7c1456ab/helm/cluster-openstack/values.yaml#L13-L14

Reviewer: Good point. We want `kubectl-gs`/`cluster-openstack` to be the interface through which customers manage clusters for now. I can update it.

Author: But you mean generate the resources with kgs or use boolean value to set it up?
IMO we need to give users ability to set different OIDC endpoint and no limit us

Author: Also the bool flag has dissapear instead of the settings

Reviewer: Customers create clusters using the `cluster-openstack` helm chart so we should instead show these values https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster-openstack/blob/89b33cfbb78a7d9092dbe5e953aa528447edc361/helm/cluster-openstack/values.yaml#L16-L21 or the corresponding `kubectl-gs` flags https://github.com/giantswarm/kubectl-gs/blob/2836cded90bb4ee9c11809cd00f10490dff71710/cmd/template/cluster/flag.go#L57-L61 in the docs.

Author: ok then no need to add `enabled` anymore, right?

Author: Let's go with this and I will do a follow up PR with the kgs flags and helm chart in different section than legacy providers

Reviewer: This matches how we display the required changes for other providers. It will take more work to show the old method and the new method (using `kubectl-gs` flags).

Then submit the resource to the management API and the App operator will manage it to make the actual installation and configuration. You can log in now into the cluster API with your identity provider using the login endpoint that Dex creates for you. By default, it will be `https://login.<CLUSTER>.<BASEDOMAIN>`.

> __Warning__: It is assumed that you have an ingress controller and cert-manager running in your cluster in order to make dex available for the callback request made by your identity provider securely. If you supply custom certificates when deploying dex, then you can skip cert-manager installation. Both of these apps are offered in our managed app catalog.

Author: ```suggestion
__Warning__: It is assumed that you have an [ingress controller and cert-manager](https://docs.giantswarm.io/app-platform/getting-started/) running in your cluster in order to make dex available for the callback request made by your identity provider securely. If you supply custom certificates when deploying dex, then you can skip cert-manager installation. Both of these apps are offered in our managed app catalog.
```

> __Warning__: In this explanation we have assumed you have running an ingress controller and cert manager in you cluster in order to make dex available for the callback request made by your identity provider in a secure way. If you supply custom certificates when deploying dex then you can skip cert manager installation. Both apps are offered in our managed app catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Warning__: It is assumed that you have an ingress controller and cert-manager running in your cluster in order to make dex available for the callback request made by your identity provider securely. If you supply custom certificates when deploying dex, then you can skip cert-manager installation. Both of these apps are offered in our managed app catalog.
```

Reviewer: Can we also link to docs about installing the ingress controller and cert-manager (if they exist)?

Author: done

> __Warning__: In this explanation we have assumed you have running an ingress controller and cert manager in you cluster in order to make dex available for the callback request made by your identity provider in a secure way. If you supply custom certificates when deploying dex then you can skip cert manager installation. Both apps are offered in our managed app catalog.

Author: ```suggestion
__Warning__: In this explanation, we have assumed you have running an ingress controller and cert-manager in your cluster in order to make dex available for the callback request made by your identity provider in a secure way. If you supply custom certificates when deploying dex then you can skip cert-manager installation. Both apps are offered in our managed app catalog. For more information how to install them [check this guide](https://docs.giantswarm.io/app-platform/getting-started/)
```
